Remove fused CE loss, reorganize MoE kernels/ops (#221)
allenai/OLMo-core: CHANGELOG.md

- The official config for the 32B had unrealistic batch size settings.
- Ignore `group_overrides` for frozen parameters instead of throwing an error.

### Removed

> - Removed the "fused" cross-entropy loss variant. It was buggy and consistently under-performed the native PyTorch version when compiled.

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed the "fused" cross-entropy loss variant. It had a bug and consistently under-performed the native PyTorch version when compiled. See [Post Incident Report: bug with fused CE loss](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IK6q2gX6mH7eQO_IItCZAYYlm4g4htL4mNWbTQuPKf4/edit?usp=sharing) for more information.
```
